Once upon a midnight dreary,
While I pondered, weak and weary,
Over many a quaint and curious
Volume of forgotten lore—
While I nodded, nearly napping,
Suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping,
Rapping at my chamber door.
"'Tis some visitor," I muttered,
"Tapping at my chamber door
Only this, and nothing more."
Ah, distinctly I remember,
It was in the bleak December,
And each separate dying ember
Wrought its ghost upon the floor.
Eagerly I wished the morrow;
Vainly I had sought to borrow
From my books surcease of sorrow
Sorrow for the lost Lenore—
For the rare and radiant maiden
Whom the angels name Lenore—
Nameless here for evermore.
And the silken, sad, uncertain
Rustling of each purple curtain
Thrilled me,—filled me with fantastic
Terrors, never felt before;
So that now, to still the beating
Of my heart, I stood repeating,
" 'Tis some visitor entreating
Entrance at my chamber door
Some late visitor entreating
Entrance at my chamber door;
This it is, and nothing more."
 Presently my soul grew stronger;
Hesitating then no longer,
"Sir," said I, "or Madam, truly
Your forgiveness I implore;
But the fact is I was napping,
And so gently you came rapping,
And so faintly you came tapping,
Tapping at my chamber door,
That I scarce was sure I heard you."—
Here I opened wide the door;
Darkness there, and nothing more.
Deep into that darkness peering,
Long I stood there, wondering, fearing,
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals
Ever dared to dream before;
But the silence was unbroken,
And the stillness gave no token,
And the only word there spoken
Was the whispered word, "Lenore!"
This I whispered, and an echo
Murmured back the word, "Lenore!"
Merely this, and nothing more.
Back into the chamber turning,
All my soul within me burning,
Soon again I heard a tapping,
Something louder than before.
"Surely," said I, "surely, that is
Something at my window lattice;
Let me see then, what thereat is,
And this mystery explore—
Let my heart be still a moment,
And this mystery explore;—
'Tis the wind, and nothing more."
Open here I flung the shutter.
When, with many a flirt and flutter,
In there stepped a stately Raven
Of the saintly days of yore;
Not the least obeisance made he;
Not a minute stopped or stayed he,
But, with mien of lord or lady,
Perched above my chamber door—
Perched upon a bust of Pallas
Just above my chamber door—
Perched, and sat, and nothing more.
Then this ebony bird beguiling
My sad fancy into smiling,
By the grave and stern decorum
Of the countenance it wore,
"Though thy crest be shorn and shaven,
Thou," I said, "art sure no craven,
Ghastly, grim, and ancient Raven,
Wandering from the nightly shore,
Tell me what thy lordly name is
On the night's Plutonian shore!"
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
Much I marveled this ungainly
Fowl to hear discourse so plainly,
Though its answer little meaning—
Little relevancy bore;
For we can not help agreeing
That no living human being
Ever yet was blest with seeing
Bird above his chamber door—
Bird or beast upon the sculptured
Bust above his chamber door,
With such name as "Nevermore."
But the Raven, sitting lonely
On that placid bust, spoke only
That one word, as if his soul in
That one word he did outpour.
Nothing farther then he uttered,
Not a feather then he fluttered,
Till I scarcely more than muttered,
"Other friends have flown before—
On the morrow he will leave me,
As my Hopes have flown before."
Then the bird said, "Nevermore."
Startled at the stillness broken
By reply so aptly spoken,
"Doubtless," said I, "what it utters
Is its only stock and store,
Caught from some unhappy master
Whom unmerciful Disaster
Followed fast and followed faster
Till his songs one burden bore—
Till the dirges of his Hope that
Melancholy burden bore
Of 'Never—nevermore.' "
But the Raven still beguiling
All my sad soul into smiling,
Straight I wheeled a cushioned seat in
Front of bird, and bust, and door;
Then, upon the velvet sinking,
I betook myself to linking
Fancy unto fancy, thinking
What this ominous bird of yore—
What this grim, ungainly, ghastly,
Gaunt, and ominous bird of yore
Meant in croaking "Nevermore."
This I sat engaged in guessing,
But no syllable expressing
To the fowl whose fiery eyes now
Burned into my bosom's core;
This and more I sat divining,
With my head at ease reclining
On the cushion's velvet lining
That the lamplight gloated o'er,
But whose velvet violet lining,
With the lamplight gloating o'er
She shall press, ah, nevermore!
Then, methought, the air grew denser,
Perfumed from an unseen censer
Swung by Seraphim, whose footfalls
Tinkled on the tufted floor.
"Wretch," I cried, "thy God hath lent thee—
By these angels he hath sent thee
Respite—respite and nepenthe[1]
From thy memories of Lenore!
Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe,
And forget this lost Lenore!"
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
"Prophet!" said I, "thing of evil!—
Prophet still, if bird or devil!—
Whether Tempter sent, or whether
Tempest tossed thee here ashore,
Desolate, yet all undaunted,
On this desert land enchanted—
On this home by Horror haunted—
Tell me truly, I implore—
Is there—is there balm in Gilead?
Tell me—tell me, I implore!"
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
"Prophet!" said I, "thing of evil,—
Prophet still, if bird or devil!—
By that heaven that bends above us,
By that God we both adore,
Tell this soul with sorrow laden,
If, within the distant Aidenn,
It shall clasp a sainted maiden
Whom the angels name Lenore—
Clasp a rare and radiant maiden,
Whom the angels name Lenore."
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
"Be that word our sign of parting,
Bird or fiend," I shrieked, upstarting;
"Get thee back into the tempest
And the night's Plutonian shore!
Leave no black plume as a token
Of that lie thy soul hath spoken!
Leave my loneliness unbroken!—
Quit the bust above my door!
Take thy beak from out my heart, and
Take thy form from off my door!"
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
And the Raven, never flitting,
Still is sitting, still is sitting
On the pallid bust of Pallas
Just above my chamber door;
And his eyes have all the seeming
Of a demon's that is dreaming,
And the lamplight o'er him streaming
Throws his shadow on the floor;
And my soul from out that shadow,
That lies floating on the floor,
Shall be lifted—nevermore!
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth.
Then took the other, as just as fair,
And having perhaps the better claim,
Because it was grassy and wanted wear;
Though as for that the passing there
Had worn them really about the same.
And both that morning equally lay
In leaves no step had trodden black.
Oh, I kept the first for another day!
Yet knowing how way leads on to way,
I doubted if I should ever come back.
I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
Or being hated don’t give way to hating,
And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise:
If you can dream-and not make dreams your master;
If you can think-and not make thoughts your aim,
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,
And stoop and build ’em up with worn-out tools:
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them: ‘Hold on!’
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
Or walk with Kings-nor lose the common touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,
If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it,
And-which is more-you’ll be a Man, my son!
Dandelions…
They flutter, now I see
Fiery lions…
They're dancing with me
Sunlight…
Come out and shine down
Moonlight…
Shun out my darkened frown
I am the infinitesimal stars in the tranquil, terrestrial night
I am the scars minutes before the sunlit dawn
You are extraordinary like the terrain in the sky of delight
Sweep away the darkest rays tonight and invite in cheery company of delightful, beautiful enlightenment, bright and zealous as a knights' might, but nevertheless, brought forth by His son
Lord, before I was born,
You did marvelous miracles in disguise again and again
I’m a fire within, so torn
Due to stressed-out resentment and impure, untamed sin
Tame my everlasting fires of wild desires…
They’re insane without a good name, a dried-up grain
It tires me out, burns me out like wildfires
That ignite in my once-mild brain, hard to truly attain…
Terrified and petrified
By being with you
I was horrified and cried,
Being around you too,
Darkness deep down, draining me so more or less
With daunting, damaging distress, left me hopeless
It drowns me drastically,
Way too complicated to merely express
Freedom acted like captivity…
Reality got confused with fantasy I guess
Lord, You are my cure
From these impure sins I commit everyday
Must say, I will endure
These waves of emotions and dangers today
Who knows, who really knows
Where the wicked wind blows
Who knows, I may never know
Where the blessed breeze will blow
But, I know for sure…that, you know,
I will come to completely understand
The sun above will glow and grow
Like dandy lions, bravery almost at hand
Who knows, who really knows
Where the wicked wind blows
Who knows, who will ever know
How the shows of faith shall show
In the eyes of a benevolent believer…
Have faith, be not deceived
The future will return no longer a blur
Sorry, I feel you, I grieved
The rain from clouds overhead
Will shower upon us pressure and dread
The gravity might leave us dead
But, He will see us through and cut off doubts' thread
He will give us gracious evergreen to roam in instead
Wish I can be free, immediately
The desert knows how I feel immensely
The cloudy lake sparkles in bliss ecstasy
I need to rejoice to reveal radiance to many
That, I will do and He'll make it happen gladly
The stars that twinkle, shooting triumphantly
Wish I prayed more to be mega-motivated vigorously
Lord, You look after me…
So grateful for Your watch that illuminates me most assuredly
Your very vigilant vitality
Your quietude is my spiritual interlude that latches on to me
Shadows and reflections
Taunt and haunt me with several battles and afterwards, harsh rejections
There are some exceptions
I have been appreciated, accepted and loved with all kinds of affections
You wander in my space of my embrace
You ponder what went wrong in the first place
It was all because of your rapidly difficult race,
Needed to overcome, being last place in disgrace
Your silhouette sweeps away the sorrow
You motivate me to move on till tomorrow
Fade away the hours spent on worrying and grief
Dread drove me to bed, brought me a lack of relief
Entrenched in embarrassment, engrained in impulsive, inner-core glow
Because that inner glow can be as precious and ebony as a plum; although,
I believe that positive affirmations and notion-inspired memories that flow
Like a river of deliverance, reflecting radiant candlelight since forever ago
I adored you, but not as much as I did before
You were my body, from outer layer to core
You rubbed my weary, hardened temples to paradise, genuine with no hidden lies
You felt me all over by your sensual gaze until we saw each others' beloved eyes
We are dandelions…
We are champions…
In our own silent wars
I need His cure for these scars..
I bear unbearably and terribly….
Tension-tainted passion, possibly,
Will disappear without a trace of horrendous fear
I cried myself to sleep, so I won’t let fall my tear
Vanish, oh anguish of awful scarce hope
A change that is of childlike, clever cheer –
I need that to draw near and to hold me dear
All of these hardships, I find hard to cope
We are chickens, unchained from crowded factories
We are the feathers of a billion birds that flutter at ease
Release me from the cell that I know of all-too-well
Dance with me, brave and bright lions,
In this den of dandelions and daisies in which we dwell
I find it swell that we remained champions
Sway with me and stay with me for a while and might as well
Grow and glow like iridescent and elegant shine
I often wish, wholeheartedly, you were mine
Oh, it wasn’t meant to be
Unfortunately; however, maybe,
One day, I’ll come to see
My soon-to-be love of sincerity
Perhaps, she would totally uplift my mood
Uplift me when I feel madly misunderstood
Actually, it would be good to be understood
Instead of being taken advantaged of,
No, that’s no good…one day, my love
Will explore with me in the wondrous woods joyfully
And will share with me adoration in exuberant ecstasy
And, lastly, give me everlasting encouragement genuinely
That special day will come
When I will meet that someone
That will appreciate all of me
For who I am and will be entirely
Yes, I'm clearly not the only one
Lonely without hardly anyone
Except you, acceptance in my mind
While my heart is gravity-bound, weighed down,
Once ascending and one-of-a-kind
My delicate smile will never, ever be an ugly frown
We will be as one sun with His son
There's a great chance for everyone
Maturity in me
Will grow exceptionally
God will maneuver dreams to reality
No longer shall we be like lambs that rove aimlessly…
I am a dandy lion in my Father's garden that I fancy
Lazily lying with the sheep of weep-no-more
Reap remedies of relief from shore to shore
According to God's plan for us, eventually in store
So, drifting away will not be our problem anymore
Solutions soar…..
Climb up the uplifting stairs,
Leading to an open door
Of opportunities and possibilities with no worries or cares that were wretched barriers before
broken down in order to have unlimited unity with our future freedom, flaring-up with fervor
flames, scorching aflame more and more with splendid satisfaction, like airborne clouds
above, unleashing passionately bespangled rain that will perpetually pour – have no fear, my
dear, for our faithfulness flourishes forevermore
I am the strength-thriving dandy lion, brazen-sent,
Brutally resilient and never bewildered and oblivious
Someday, I’ll be more courageous and magnificent
I won’t end up as a scorpion, vicious and temerarious
I am dynamic, floating dandelion, ruthless on the contrary
Caught in the wicked wind of wonders of prosperous significance
I could be brutal if threatened, but oh so bold, I must admit
Behold, I am incredibly legitimate with a bit of vivacious wit
